The next thing that you need to do is adding functionality
that allows us to easily modify our question
so that we can edit or remove the question without
need to go to questions page. To do that here we'll
need to add edit and delete button like we have in answer here.
So let's switch back over to our editor
and open answer dot vue
here let's copy these buttons switch to question dot vue.
And then let's paste the buttons inside this first col four
here we can simply replace the answer
in authorize function to
question. Next
let's add a form inside the component.
The question form that we will build is a bit different
with the answer form. Here we will need a text
box to edit the question title and a
text area to edit the question body.
That's why the form will be outside this card body.
So let's duplicate this card body
The first one is for our question form
and it should be visible if editing
then let's change this element to the form
and then the second one should be invisible
if editing.
OK here in card title let's remove everything
and then add a text input.
Let's add bootstrap class form control
and also add form control lg
to make it more bigger.
And then bind this input to question title via v-model
here
I think we don't need to show the vote
so let's remove it.
For the text area and buttons let's
simply copy from answer component
Let's copy
and paste here.
Let's also copy this event handler
and paste in this form.
Now we can jump to our script
and then here in data method
let's define editing properly
and it make it false by default
then let's also define id to store the question id
and then we also need a property that
will hold the question before modified.
And here I'm going to call it before edit cache
and it should be an empty object because letter
will hold title and body of the question here.
Next let's add
computed property
and inside here let's define is invalid method.
Here let's do almost the same thing as we did before
return this dot body dot length less than ten.
And then let's add another condition or
this dot title dot length is less than ten
and then here I'll also define endpoint method.
This will return the URI for update question.
OK next let's add methods property
and define edit method.
Here before editing let's store the
old question in before edit cache
and then change the editing state to true.
Then let's define cancel method
and before cancelling
let's restore the old question title and body
respectfully.
And then change the state of the editing to false
and last let's define the update method.
In this method will make ajax  call by saying axios dot
put. We use put instead of patch because we'll need to
update the title and body of the question
so body from this body and then title from this title.
Just in case or client side validation is not working
let's show the server side validation
error message in flash message
and then when succeed
we need to replace the local body html with
body html that come from ajax response.
Then let's also show success flash message
and then change the editing states to
false so that the form will be invisible.
Now we need to make the ajax response to contain this
body html and message.
So let's open up questions controller
go to update method
And here let's provide json response
if the request expects to be json
add a message
and again let's copy the message from here
and then body underscore html
and the value is from question body underscore html.
All right let's save all
changes
and give it a try.
Reload the page.
Oops I get error
destroy it's not defined on the instance
Well I forgot to define the destroy method.
So let's switch back over to our editor.
Actually let's switch to answer dot vue
find the destroy method
let's select the method definition
and then copy back to question component
and here let's paste the code.
Now here when the question is removed we need to
redirect the page to all questions page. So what we
have to do is to show the flash message
and here we need to set the time out to maybe
two seconds so that we can see the flash message.
And then after that we can redirect it to all questions
page. Here let's utilize javascript set time
out
and set the time to three seconds so to the
command will be executed after three seconds.
And then here we can redirect to questions page
by saying window dot location dot href equals forward
slash questions.
All right now we can switch back to questions
controller. Jump to destroy method
and here let's provide json response.
Inside here we only need to return message
and we can copy from here
reload the page
OK
Now we have no error.
Now before I try to edit and delete the
question here I'll get to all questions page
then I'll create new
one.
Now I can try the edit or remove functionality to this question.
Firstly let's try to edit the question change something
and then here I'll hit the cancel button
let me see the question. OK
the question has not change. Now
I'll make change to this question again
and now hit the update button.
OK here
the question has changed.
Let me reload the page to make sure that the change
is persistence. Here I get this error because the change
has affected the question slug
So here I need to go to all questions page.
OK
the changes is persistence.
Now let's try to hit the delete button
hit yes
The flash message show up and then it will
be redirect to all questions page. Great